The given python code defines a class Solution and has three methods to check if a given string matches a pattern. 

The first method uses a DFS (depth-first search) approach to check if a given string matches a pattern. It checks all possible combinations of characters in the string and pattern using recursion. If the string and pattern match, it returns 2. If the string ends or pattern doesn't match, it returns 0. If pattern ends, it returns 1. If '*' is encountered, it skips duplicate '*' and checks all possible combinations in the string. If the combination matches, it returns 2. Else it returns 1.

The second method is a dynamic programming approach to check if a given string matches a pattern. It creates a two-dimensional boolean array "dp" that records if the pattern matches the given string for each combination of characters so far. If the pattern character is '?' or matches the given string, we look back to the diagonal element in the table. If the pattern character is '*', we look back to the previous row or column to identify if zero or more characters match.

The third method is an optimized version of the second method. It avoids unnecessary updates to the dynamic programming table by moving the pointer of the pattern character until there is a mismatch. At the same time, it maintains a "s_star" pointer to backup the index of the next character in the string to start matching again if the previous '*' doesn't match.

The primary method is the third method. The method takes input of two strings s and p, which represent the given string and pattern to check. It compares the characters in the string and pattern and moves the pointers as appropriate. If the character in s matches the character in p or p has '?' at the current index, it proceeds with the comparison. If p has '*', it makes a backup of the index of both s and p, so it can skip multiple character matches in string and moves to a different pattern without losing the index it last checked. If the pattern and string don't match and there is no previous '*' in the pattern, it returns False. Otherwise, it moves the pointer of pattern to the next character after '*', and again moves to the next character in s. After checking the complete string, it checks if any remaining pattern characters are '*' and matches them with an empty string. If they match, it returns True, otherwise False. 

Overall, the given code defines three different algorithms to check if a given string matches a pattern. The third algorithm is the most optimized one.